Clarify identify vs propose (#23)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_pre_thesis/src/sections/introduction.tex

These interactions introduce variability into the emission line intensities independent of the elements' concentrations.
Such variability complicates the direct interpretation of the spectra and poses challenges for computational models aiming for accurate elemental quantification.\cite{andersonImprovedAccuracyQuantitative2017}

> \textit{In this work, we aim to solve the problem of identifying issues with the components of the current MOC model that limit its predictive accuracy and robustness against matrix effects.}
> We then then proposing improvements to the model to address these issues.

Author: ```suggestion
\textit{In this work, we aim to solve the problem of identifying issues within the components of the current Multivariate Oxide Composition (MOC) model that limit its predictive accuracy and robustness, particularly in relation to matrix effects. Following this identification, we plan to propose improvements to the model's components to address these issues, thereby enhancing its overall performance.}
```

I also suggest this alternative formulation. Which do you prefer?

Reviewer: I like the alternative formulation better. However, I suggest a slight change:
```suggestion
\textit{In this work, we aim to solve the problem of identifying issues within the components of the current Multivariate Oxide Composition (MOC) model that limit its predictive accuracy and robustness, particularly in relation to matrix effects. Following this, we will propose improvements to the model's components that best addresses these issues, thereby enhancing its overall performance.}
```

Author: I like shortening to `Following this`, but not so much `best address`. Saying `best` implies you have defined some criteria for what best addresses something.

What do you think about this? Or any arguments for `best`?

```suggestion
\textit{In this work, we aim to solve the problem of identifying issues within the components of the current Multivariate Oxide Composition (MOC) model that limit its predictive accuracy and robustness, particularly in relation to matrix effects. Following this, we will propose improvements to the model's components that addresses these issues, thereby enhancing its overall accuracy and robustness.}
```
